https://www.indeed.com/q-entry-level-machine-learning-jobs.html?vjk=3174c49296d1cbf5
Machine Learning Engineer (Entry Level)
$69,000 - $88,000 a year - Full-time

As a Machine Learning Engineer at SRC, Inc., you will play an integral role in development and application of machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies focused on edge deployment. The rapid advancement of deep learning continues to enable new and innovative applications, solutions, and capabilities for SRC’s products, including ground and airborne radar systems, electronic warfare (EW) systems, optical sensors, drone technologies and more. You will collaborate with a diverse, cross-functional teams of hardware, software, firmware and mechanical engineers to design, develop, and field solutions using deep learning and other machine learning models on state-of-the-art hardware to solve a variety of challenges of national significance.

What You’ll Do

Applying machine learning models, tools, and techniques to imagery, video, signals, and other data products
Work with a team in the development of machine learning solutions for our customers
Performing data collections and running simulations to create, curate, and label machine learning datasets
Develop and implement FPGA solutions using Very High-Speed Integrated Circuit Hardware Description Language (VHDL)/Verilog
Perform verification of FPGA designs through simulation and hardware testing, identifying, and resolving any design issues or bottlenecks
Developing and delivering visualizations, demonstrations, and presentations for customers
Learn and apply best practices in programmable logic design and development
Participate in the integration of FPGA designs with hardware and software components
Learn and apply FPGA design principals including RTL design, verification, logic synthesis, prototyping, and timing analysis
Travel to technical conferences and various test sites in the United States
Remain current on state-of-the-art ML techniques and technologies
What You’ll Bring

Bachelor's or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Machine Learning, or related field
Other degrees may be considered if the candidate possesses a strong machine learning background.
Experience applying ML/AI to Department of Defense (DoD) and/or Intelligence Community (IC) problem domains, including radar, optical or infrared imagery, and electronic warfare systems.
Coursework in computer vision, machine learning, or neural networks
Technical proficiency in MATLAB, Python, and common deep learning frameworks (e.g., Tensorflow, PyTorch).
Technical proficiency in VHDL for FPGA edge deployment
Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills.
Strong understanding of digital logic design, embedded systems, and FPGA architectures
Knowledge of VHDL/Verilog
Knowledge of RTL simulation tools
Understanding of FPGA debugging, timing analysis, and logic optimization principals
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment, with excellent communication skills
What Sets SRC, Inc. Apart?
SRC, Inc. is a not-for-profit research and development company that combines information, science, technology to deliver innovative, advanced defense solutions and products that are redefining possible®. Our commitment is to our employees, our customers, and our communities, not the bottom line. We are committed to ensuring an inclusive and equitable workplace for all our employees. When you join our team, you’ll collaborate with more than 1,300 engineers, scientists and professionals — with 20 percent of those employees having served in the military — helping to keep America and its allies safe and strong.

Total compensation for this role is market competitive. The anticipated salary range for this position based out of Syracuse, NY is estimated at $69,000 to $88,000 annually. The actual salary will vary based on applicant’s experience, skills, and abilities, geographic location as well as other business and organizational needs. SRC offers competitive benefit options, for more details please visit our website.

Equal Opportunity

Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, status as a protected veteran, or disability. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.

Learn more about SRC:

About Us
Employee Benefits
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Awards & Recognition
Security Clearance

Location Syracuse, New York
Employment Type Full-Time Salaried
Experience Required 0+ Years
Education Required Bachelors Degree
Security Clearance Requirement Must meet eligibility requirements
Travel % 10
;;;
https://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=entry+level+machine+learning&sc=0kf%3Aexplvl%28ENTRY_LEVEL%29%3B&vjk=c2b1a5fce719c84d
Software Engineer, Machine Learning (2024 New College Graduate)
$49,400 - $103,000 a year - Full-time

GlobalFoundries is a leading full-service semiconductor foundry providing a unique combination of design, development, and fabrication services to some of the world’s most inspired technology companies. With a global manufacturing footprint spanning three continents, GlobalFoundries makes possible the technologies and systems that transform industries and give customers the power to shape their markets. For more information, visit www.gf.com .

New College Graduates Overview :

We offer many full-time employment paths for recent graduates, which provide accelerated training in a fast-paced work environment, cross-functional working opportunities, and talent mobility. New college graduates are provided with mentorship, networking, and leadership opportunities, which give our new team members life-long connections and skills.

Summary of Role:

The AI/ML Solutions team in GLOBALFOUNDRIES has a primary mission of delivering data engineering, advanced analytics, and machine learning pipelines to improve business operations in any of our business units. We are involved in the entire application lifecycle from concept to deploymen t .

The successful candidate will help architect and build data flows for advanced analytics and machine learning applications, as well as build custom to ols to facilitate the speedy development and release of the applications .

Essential Responsibilities:

Build tools to a utomate and improve development and release processes, and deploy Machine Learning (ML) to large production environments

Utilize Versioning Repository tools, Continuous Integration Frameworks, Application Containerization, Automation Deployment, Code Quality and Code Security Scanning tools

Design, build, and maintai n efficient, reusable, and tested code in Python and other applicable languages and library tools

Design modern data pipeline architectures and build tooling to efficiently tackle Big Data projects in a multi-cloud environment

Able to handle multiple projects

Present project status to peers and the leadership team as needed , collaborate across organizational boundaries.

Other Responsibilities:

Perform all activities in a safe and responsible manner and support all Environmental, Health, Safety & Security requirements and programs
Required Qualifications:

Education – Graduating with <<insert desired education level: Bachelor’s or Master’s in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field from an accredited degree program .

Must have at least an overall 3.0 GPA and proven good academic standing.

Experience with full stack development

Experience with Python containers

Understanding of REST APIs, JSON data format

Exposure to and/or understanding of ML tools /libraries such as: TensorFlow / Keras , PyTorch , Pandas.

Understanding of advanced data analytics and machine learning.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with ML services in AWS ecosystem

Experience with SQL databases, Docker containers

Experience with the deployment of big data ETL pipelines in the cloud, e.g. PySpark

Experience in project management, structured problem solving, and structured risk assessment and mitigation

Experience deploying advanced data analytics and machine learning applications

Experience architecting end-to-end pipeline for ML and Analytics using AWS services

Understanding of MLOps tools and flows

Understanding of AWS Well Architected Framework

#NCGProgramUS

Expected Salary Range

$49,400.00 - $103,000.00
The exact Salary will be determined based on qualifications, experience and location.

If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at usaccommodations@gf.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Requests for accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Please note that only inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.
An offer with GlobalFoundries is conditioned upon the successful completion of pre-employment conditions, as applicable, and subject to applicable laws and regulations.
GlobalFoundries is fully committed to equal opportunity in the workplace and believes that cultural diversity within the company enhances its business potential. GlobalFoundries goal of excellence in business necessitates the attraction and retention of highly qualified people. Artificial barriers and stereotypic biases detract from this objective and may be illegally discriminatory.
All policies and processes which pertain to employees including recruitment, selection, training, utilization, promotion, compensation, benefits, extracurricular programs, and termination are created and implemented without regard to age, ethnicity, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other characteristic or category specified by local, state or federal law
;;;
https://www.remoterocketship.com/jobs
;;;
https://www.turing.com/remote-developer-jobs/j/jr-ml-engineer-22599
Jr. ML Engineer - 1

Job description
A multi-billion pharmaceutical giant is looking for a Junior ML Engineer. As a core member of a well-established team, the engineer will work on building models using machine learning techniques to power AI-based applications. Strong Python skills and a passion for data is important in this role. The company is listed in Fortune 500 in terms of revenue and is one of the only two US-based companies that have a prime credit rating of AAA. The company is worth over $435 bn. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for those who want to work with a multi-billion dollar MNC.

Job Responsibilities:

Apply your knowledge in the domain of AI/ML to create products with a great user experience 
Understand project requirements to design an effective roadmap and manage the overall project lifecycle 
Design and develop highly scalable models/tools/classifiers/algorithms with the help of AI and Machine Learning principles and techniques 
Influence the technical direction of the projects and collaborate with cross-functional teams to communicate technical details effectively 
Continuously integrate and ship code into the cloud environment
Job Requirements:

Bachelor’s/Master’s degree in Computer Science (or equivalent experience)
2+ years of hands-on real-world experience
Strong Python skills and love for data
Understanding of machine learning libraries, predictive modeling, pattern recognition, data mining, and recommendation systems 
Knowledge of Artificial Neural Networks and Deep Learning Frameworks 
Deep understanding of large systems, complex code bases, and version control systems such as Git
;;;
